Why are you not in a hurry?
It's burning my butt
Why should I be in a hurry?
This time, Tianzong is because of the protection of heaven and earth.
Just barely escaped
But it's just a split soul after all
If the Thunder Cloud Sect came out of the Qing Dynasty
Don't we just have to wait to die?
Don't worry, it'll be alright.
Ah!
What do you mean by taking me back to Xuanyingzong?
Do you want my father to help Tianzong?
I'll tell you the truth.
The ancestor of our Xuanyi Sect
It was painted 7,000 years ago
My father still hasn't broken through the bible
Even if he is really willing to help you
You are no match for Thunder Cloud Sect at all
and
Thunder Cloud Sect is not the only terrifying Thunder Cloud Tianzun
The ancestor in the thundercloud is still alive
If he makes a move
I'm afraid no one in this world can match
Who said anything about asking your father to take action?
Then why did you bring me back?
Ah!
What are you doing in Wujian Purgatory?
Wu Jian
Come on out.
Ah!
Hahaha, I'm finally free.
Are you crazy?
He is the devil who once harmed the nine heavens and ten lands
How dare you let him go!
Don't worry, even if I lend him 10 guts
He doesn't dare to do anything wrong